within right upper lung
within normal limits size
within right upper lung
within normal limits size
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits size
within normal limits size
within normal limits in size
within normal limits in size
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
within normal limits
